Country:
Only five countries have been represented at every modern-era Summer Olympic Games. Greece, Great Britain, France,
Switzerland and Australia.

At least one of the Olympic Rings' colors appears in every national flag. Baron Pierre de Coubertin, founder off
the modern Olympic Movement, conceived of the five-ringed symbol. He specifically chose the different colors—blue,
green, yellow, black, and red—because at least one of those colors appeared on all the national flags of the world.

Physique/explain the gaps:
Women have been allowed to compete in the Olympics since 1900.

From 1924-1992, the Winter and the Summer Olympics took place in the same year. Now, they’re on separate cycles and
alternate every two years.

Age:
The youngest Olympian in the modern era is Greek gymnast Dimitrios Loundras, who competed in the 1896
Athens Olympics at the age of 10. At age 13, springboard diver Marjorie Gestring is the youngest female
individual gold medalist in history, while 14-year-old Kusuo Kitamura (swimming) is the youngest
male individual gold medalist.

Random:
Athletes in the ancient Olympic Games competed in the nude. In fact, the word “gymnasium” comes from the
Greek root “gymnos” meaning nude. As such, the literal translation of gymnasium is “school for naked exercise.”

Only three modern Olympic Games have been cancelled. The games were cancelled due to World War I (1916) and World
War II (1940, 1944).

Tarzan competed in the Olympics: Johnny Weissmuller, an athlete-turned-actor who played Tarzan in 12 movies, won
five gold medals in swimming in the 1920s.

From 1912-1948, artists participated in the Olympics: Painters, sculptors, architects, writers, and musicians
competed for medals in their respective fields.

During the 1936 Berlin Games, two Japanese pole-vaulters tied for second place. Instead of competing again, they cut
the silver and bronze medals in half and fused the two different halves together so that each of them had a half-silver
and half-bronze medal.
